docs: Updating documentation according to Docs guidelines (#26)
immutable/imx-docs: docs/sdks/Wallets SDK Web.md

---
title: "Wallets SDK Web"
slug: "/imx-wallets-sdk-web"
---

## Github

Find the [Immutable Wallets SDK Web on Github](https://github.com/immutable/imx-wallets-web-sdk) <!-- https://github.com/immutable/imx-wallets-sdk-web -->

## Installation

Install the package with:

<!-- @immutable/imx-wallets-sdk-web -->
```sh
npm install @immutable/imx-wallets-web-sdk --save
```

## Usage

### Setup: Build And Connect

> To have the SDK up and running, 2 main steps are required: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two main steps are required to have the SDK up and running:
```

1. [Build](#build)
2. [Connect](#connect)

#### Build

> The build step is the starting point and is the responsible to instantiate and provide the `WalletsSDK` object. To make it happen it is needed the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build step is the starting point and is responsible for instantiating and providing the `WalletsSDK` object. To make it happen it is needed the 
```

call to `buildWalletsSDK` helper function, available in the package:

```ts
import { 
  ENVIRONMENTS,
  buildWalletsSDK
} from '@immutable/imx-wallets-web-sdk';

// Defines the build params (environment)
const buildParams = { env: ENVIRONMENTS.ROPSTEN };

// Uses the helper function to get the SDK object instance
const sdk = await buildWalletsSDK(buildParams);
```

> **NOTICE:** An environment is required in order to instantiate the `WalletsSDK` object on top of the correct Ethereum network. For this particular, the enum `ENVIRONMENTS` can be imported from the package and used for such purpose. Access the [supported environments reference](#supported-environments) to check which environments are currently supported.

#### Connect

> The connection step takes care of to communicate with the selected L1 and L2 providers, stablish the connection and retrieve the signers for each one of them, letting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connection step takes care of communicating with the selected L1 and L2 providers, establishing the connection, and retrieving the signers for each one of them, letting
```

> the L1 and L2 signers available in the `WalletsSDK` object through the `getL1Signer` and `getL2Signer` methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the L1 and L2 signers be available in the `WalletsSDK` object through the `getL1Signer` and `getL2Signer` methods:
```
